Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 

What do you think the program did with what you typed?
I expect program to output.
It runs without error.
It runs the code and stored it.



Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 

What do you think the color = input() will do? 

Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
It has a line of code to output the color
the input will be stored in color
Yes, it did


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It has a logic part

What is happening on lines 11–14? 
if the color is red, it will print out "correct"
if the color isn't red, it will print out "Sorry, try again."

Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
Because it's necessary for the if-else structure

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
it  will say "Sorry, try again".
What does this tell you about "color"?
it  will say "Sorry, try again".


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It has a boolean part which main2 does not have.

What problem is this trying to solve? 
It is asking your favorite color.

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It will turn into "Sorry, try again"

Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
It will turn the variable "color" into the lower case

What problem is it trying to solve? 
It is asking your favorite color and turn your input into lower case.

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It will show "sorry, try again."


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
It added .strip() in order to delete the spaces

What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
It will delete all spaces on your input

Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
No



Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
if your input is 'pink', you will get a output of 'Close!'

What is the purpose of line 11? 
It turns all letters on 'color' into the lower case and delete all the spaces.

Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
To loop until the color == 'red'

Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
Becasue they are under the while structure. They are a part of while block so they need to indented.

Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
if the 'color' == 'red', the program will stop.if the 'color' equals to something else, it will print out infinite times of  ''Sorry, try again.''

Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
To loop until the color == 'red'

What is the purpose of “count”? 
to count the number of your tries.

What is happening on line 22? 
It will show how many times you'd tried

Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
YES, I did